Let's see this little video from Trium
Art I want to read you in the
comments box giving your opinion on
what happened You know that Trium
was arguing with Matamoros yesterday
because Matamoros didn't like that Trium is
taking away credibility from
Mozarowsky's relatives Sandra Mozarowsky that they
asked for money to participate in this
documentary that they made that in the end in the
end it has failed a bit it has failed a
bit I sincerely trust you
when Aron made the documentary I spoke to him I
spoke to Trium and I said man look
this documentary is going to come out let's see if we have
another topic here not like this of tricks as
impotent to comment and no and such And I
thought it was going to give more than 100 The
truth is I thought it was going to be more
interesting I thought it was going to be more
powerful no in some way no but
no but no the truth is that it has failed
a bit because it's that there's nothing there's
nothing to scratch look here Trium is going to
speak well eh I mean this is a
good video eh data of the case  by the way
Marina spoke to me and told me that
tomorrow Marina has gone on a trip to
disconnect a bit to
test herself she has gone on a trip alone and tomorrow
we are going to have a live where we are going to
connect with her From Vienna
okay Well I'm just going to tell you that okay let's
see you know Marina well comes and goes they
still give her their boncos as
normal No And there we are with her
trying to pick her up obviously no
good family and welcome pass my I know
that the title of Well then of this
video specifically The king did not kill
Sandra Mozarowsky
is going to cause two things first that a
lot of people don't even enter because
logically they were looking for that
bit of Conspiracy no and
second that other people do enter
simply to put the name of the king
or rather the title of The King in the
video itself no But why have I
titled it like that Or why did I want to say
The king did not kill Sandra movi Well because we are going to
distance ourselves a little during this
chat that I am going to have with you
good good good many hearts for
Marina in the chat
okay many hearts for Marina in the
chat okay tomorrow when she comes Also of
all the rumors or  they told me or
they told me Or they stopped telling me 47 years ago
and we are going to base ourselves on
some hypotheses based on science and
also logically on bibliography of
the time and on some little things For
example what was said during the
documentary that ten broadcasts based on the
strange death of Sandra mosar no I
wanted to start with the night in which
Sandra mski dies one night at 1 in
the morning on the second floor Sandra m
salovi seg with account the official version looks
out onto the terrace or balcony with
a railing that reaches
approximately to her waist
probably while you are listening to
my words I will be showing you images
of said railing because there are images
of said railing in which
Sandra is seen in some interviews given in her
own home and we can see how
said railing reaches
approximately to her waist well according
to what she says [ __ ] the railing is low
eh anyway the railing is dangerous
official Sandra looks out that night over the
railing to water the plants and she
faints and falls
hopelessly hitting
the sidewalk that causes her  several injuries
these injuries according to the official
medical report given at the time say that she has a
fracture of the left parietal, a fracture of
the left rock, a fracture of the
left rib area, a fracture of the
left arm and also a strong internal and
a crencephalic trauma with
cerebral hemorrhage in addition to
otorrhagia bleeding from the ear in fact
one of the causes that makes her very
tall she was not short she was short losing
consciousness apart from the
cerebral hemorrhage in the amount of blood that she
lost in this accident well that is the
official report that we have from the time the
judge or the coroner, better said, after
analyzing the scene where sarovski dies where he dies
where the accident occurs,
determines that she falls involuntarily
and that it is all an accident therefore
the judge files the case as a
violent death of accidental ideology the
word violent I know that it has given a lot of
play during that documentary that aired
ten and especially afterwards with the
panelists because I understand that many
people are not used to seeing
autopsies and in those documents
deaths are classified in two ways,
natural death or violent death but
violent death then has several
etiologies such as  be suicide as it
can be an accident or as it can be
homicide and in the case of Sandra Movi
Well it was a violent death of
accidental etiology well is this possible it has been
discussed many times the fact that it
is impossible to fall out of a window not out of a
window but out of the
terrace where Santa
Mosqui was located I am going to give a hypothesis that I have been
considering for several days and that
seems quite plausible to me let's
go back a little further a few
days or a few weeks ago when
Sandra Monari began a
diet that seems quite strict and it is
even said that with pills
days because she had gained
several kilos some say that it was because she
was pregnant others say that it was because
she herself in an interview that we will
read later she says that it was because she had eaten
very well during her vacation in
Mexico and so this made her undergo
a fairly strict diet there is a
medical condition that really is not a
condition let's say that it is very common I am going to
give the name and surely now
when I give the name many of you will not
know what it is but when I explain it to you you
will understand  that many of
you who are listening to me and didn't
know what it was are going to say wow, that's what
happened to me,
the name is orthoesthetic hypotension,
okay, what is orthoesthetic hypotension, let's
say that this evil or this
condition usually occurs more commonly
in adolescents than in adults,
let's not forget that we are those
who were 18 years old and it is also very
frequent under certain circumstances,
what circumstances, well, I'm going to give you
some, being pregnant, the heat and
low glucose levels, for example, and it
usually occurs when you suddenly change
position, so this means that it
is quite likely that I was
pregnant. No, that's right, if we put all
this together, we go back to August 23rd,
1977, August, Madrid, at night at 1 o'clock,
high temperature, Santa mon sarovski, she
was probably sitting with her
legs crossed, which she also has her
legs crossed, it's quite a lot, I mean, it makes it
easier for
these things to happen to you, lying down or sitting with your
legs crossed, well,
probably at 1 o'clock in the morning
this girl would be watching television or she
would be  reading a magazine or a
book gets up to water the plants
bends down and has that
orthostatic hypotension that causes that
fainting that makes her fall
involuntarily off the terrace let's
not remember that she was pregnant another
of the causes that can cause that
orthostatic hypotension remember that it
was very hot and let's also remember
that she was on a diet and could
have low glucose levels taking
into account that at night is when
sugar drops the most in fact
many diabetics will know this for example
that at night you get a drop in
sugar and you have to eat
sweets and so on for it to go back up
no So if we put all this together with
that postural change with that leaning
towards the window Well we have the
ease with which that drop in blood pressure
produces that
momentary fainting that in
normal circumstances if it happens to you in your house for
example to my son It usually happens a lot
because you sit down and nothing happens but if you
catch yourself with half your body outside the
railing watering some plants it will
probably make your
body pass out as they usually say here
in my area and  fall out that window I'm
going to show you the terrace you're going to
see it here I'm also going to show you exactly
where the flower pots were at that time
Because many argue no the
flower pots were on the ground the flower pots were
not outside the little terrace is
funny eh the little terrace is funny look
even today the
same metal structures are preserved on the
terrace that were there back then and you
can see how they still have the
shape to fit inside those
old planters that many houses had these
mud ones that faced the street damn well already
in 50 years almost 60 they have had
time to change the railings eh I
also tell you eh Let's see, she has
put up the screen no damn What is
this called man the closure What is the name of the
closure this here we call it closure no
and she has left out the metal Maybe it's
that the building doesn't allow you to
remove it to maintain a bit There
not the aesthetics many times no but
come on it's funny eh The railing is
cool it's low many people also argue
that it's that before  people were
shorter than now eh There were no
plants in Sandra's house movi and
here I'm also going to leave you the
photographs of some interviews that
she did on her own terrace and you can see
how there are flowers and small baskets on the outside
of the window also with the peculiarity
that in the same Block with
the same building there were some Terraces
that had the bars open and they could
put their hand between the bars but the
bars of Santamar Roski had a way
therefore you had no choice but to go
outside to water said plants We
also have the condition or the
circumstance that Sandra takes all the blows
on the
left side of the body no This makes me
think and also made me have to watch
a lot of interviews and movies of
Sandra that the girl could probably
be left-handed she leans out with her
left side she gets tactical hypotension she gets
dizzy she falls and you don't have time in such a
short space of time because we're talking about just
a few meters 7 or 8 m of of to
change position and hit with the
left side no also with the
circumstance That when she's
fainted you don't even  you grab or
hold on or anything because at that moment you
don't have any strength, I mean you've lost
all your
strength because your blood pressure has dropped sharply. So you have no symptoms or signs of having put your hands up to defend yourself or of having tried to grab on to anything or of having done anything else. Then it's said about the father that the father hears a bang. And instead of going out
to the balcony, the father already knew that Sanda
Monaro was watering the plants.
Because he even says that he tells him and he
tells him not to
water them now. Therefore, upon
hearing the bang, the father
runs directly towards the entrance.
At that time, the entrance was
locked. So what happens is that when he goes
downstairs he realizes he doesn't have the
keys and he has to go back up, look for
the keys, go down and open them. I imagine with
the nervousness that this man was
because he is still his father, find
the keys, look for the keys, take the
keys, go downstairs when he went down, Sarosi's body was
no longer there because a
taxi driver who was passing
by picked her up and took her to the
hospital.  He also spoke about the
fact that by chance a taxi driver was passing
by the area, what a coincidence that
an ambulance was not called in 1977, it
is not like it is now that it is called
Ambulances and ambulances speed and
arrive in a moment and save your life
in 1977 it was normal that if you were passing by and
saw an injured person, an injured girl lying
on the ground, you would put her in the taxi
and take her or a car and take her
directly to an
emergency center, no, that would be, let's say, the part
of the accident or the part that could
perhaps explain the
scientific circumstances and now if we go, for
example, to the documentary by ten in it, they
show our forensic anthropologist friend the judicial record, the
judicial reports that were opened at the time
in which it is determined that there is no
parabola of fall since there is no parabola
of fall this removes or erases from the map the
fact that either she could have
thrown herself since we would need a
forward displacement that does not
exist according to parabola of fall, let's see
parabola of
fall displacement parabola of fall I mean
no  There is a parabola of a fall. In other words,
if there is a parabola, it means that she jumped. And
if not, it means that she fell. No, that report,
or that she had fallen, they would have
thrown her, which is why we would also have a
forward displacement, which also does
not exist. Therefore, according to that
police report, which some may think
is manipulated and others may think not, well, Andro
Salari falls straight down right under
the flower pots, that would be the, let's say,
scientific part, the part in which we could
perfectly fit this death or this
tragedy, not in the fact that Sandra
Movi fell out of the window or the terrace
accidentally, then the rumor broke out
that Andro Movi in an interview with
Pronto magazine, I think it was
specifically to Luis Mill, she declared
that she was against abortion and
such and such, and that this caused it. Well, I'm going to
read the entire interview, which is very
short, and you're going to tell me where
she speaks specifically about abortion
because I haven't found the truth, at
least in this interview, which is the one she
gave a month before she died and she says,
like, today I don't want to talk to anyone,
Sandra had told us on the phone, I have
nothing  not to mention photos either, why would I
want to forget about everything for a while, we'll
see later,
but she finally agreed to receive us and
talk to us about her projects, wearing a
multi-colored Mexican dress. Sandra
received us in the living room of her house. She is cheerful
on the outside, but we get the impression
that she is not so much on the inside. She seems
a bit nervous, restless, dissatisfied
is the exact word. I have just returned
from Mexico, she tells us where I shot my
latest film, Black Angel, under the
direction of Tulio
Domeli, and for a while I am going to
say goodbye to the world of cinema.
Physically tired, no, after the filming, I
took a short vacation in
Acapulco with Jorge. Your
Mexican love is not over. Jorge's love is over. We have already
decided to put an end to a very
beautiful chapter in our existence, but even
so, I have had a great time in that country.
So why the attachment to the cinema because
I am because I am tired of
always doing the same thing. They only offer me
scripts where you have to get naked. I am going to get
dirty. I am going to go
to London for a while to improve my English and
to take a drama course.
Then, when I return to  Spain I want to
finish my high school anyway I want to
face the world of cinema which is without a
doubt what I like most in this life
with adequate preparation not to be
just an object but something more you
lose a lot with this temporary abandonment
no no they haven't offered me many
interesting things the only thing I'm taking
into consideration is my performance in La
Celestina under the orders of Tamallo but
here they also want me to undress I've
heard that you're retiring also for
other reasons because you're a bit chubby
Here we see how the journalist wanted to
bring up the subject of pregnancy no and he says
I've gained a little weight it's true it was
the vacation the Mexican food which I
love but this is a problem that has
been with me for a long time I've always been able to
solve it no the reason is something else I want to
focus a little guide My future
I want to become an actress and not
only have to exhibit a body
however until now you have exhibited
generously also in
reports there was a Ah there is a
baset took Jos Garca bat that pror in
a book like Juan Carlos Iero after the
birth of Felipe vi that was In 1968 I
think there was a  vasectomy therefore
if this were true if this were
true which I don't know because you know
that these things are not
affirmed or confirmed or
denied by the royal family it would be impossible for Juan
Carlos I to be the biological father of the
child that Sarovski was expecting but of course
here we can say well but that is
hearsay well let's do a quick little
investigation really because you know
that there are other people who have claimed to be
illegitimate children of King Juan Carlos I let
's see those people the years of
birth did not exist and we are
talking about judicialized files
with trials in sight with people in
prison such as for example
Marques de Turqu son in Los Galindos
half the file was lost half or more than
half here in Eija anyway we are talking about
then Neither was called to testify
an immensity or a large number of
people or absolutely anything therefore
most likely this was left in
a forgotten folder and it is not that
the file disappears it is
simply that this file is now suitable for
searching no there were no
computer systems yes right now
the courts are chaos you go and the tables
are  full of documents and papers
imagine in 1977 without any kind of
computer support let's go
watch the most complete video on the
Trium Channel but come on eh no [ __ ] there
are a lot Oh Seriously what to see they just
sent me something how disgusting how
annoying eh no [ __ ] No [ __ ] no no no no I don't
understand why the
TV factory wanted to revive that eh case that
had no substance or lemonade the
truth Javi disconnected no eh Marina no no no it's
not that he disconnected it's just that it
's not like very interesting the truth no it
has no substance or lemonade or
anything The fact is that I don't understand why
the TV factory wanted to
revive that If not it doesn't have anything or rather
unfortunately it fell and that's it
Nothing is happening Let's see nothing is happening no no there is no
murder here no and
therefore it is something That is
rarely discussed but of course this completely knocks down
Chelo Garca Corts' defense of
Brbara Rey  because Chelo was with the
thing that no but there was a
death of a very suspicious girl I don't
know what I don't know how much in short they wanted to
take advantage a little of the Brbara
Rey issue But it has been it has been weak it has
been weak